---
layout: post
title: "hey guys"
description: "on blogs at the blog"
tags: meta
image: img/dryver.jpg
---

## hey guys

Was talking to someone a few days ago, and found myself complaining, once again, that I'd really like to publish some of my work, but I JuSt DoN'T KnOw wHaT tO dO! 

### quote: 

> get a fucking mailing list
> PLEASE.
> RIGHT
> so
> first things first
> you're in for the longhaul
> (obviously, this is all my experience. the field is tiny. there are no generalisations)
> so you want to try and consistently be putting out work in a sustainable manner
> in a way that is public
> blogs are fine for initial groundswell, but if something is free the perception is it's dogwater
> so a blog/substack/whatever is your "studio-gallery" for people to see some stuff
> don't write blog shit that's like, trend hopping - just snippets & ideas of shit you are actually working on and interested in
> then you wanna get an itch.io and a dtrpg account and start putting shit out on there

they continued:

> be generous to the people coming up behind you
> don't be afraid to ask from people up ahead
> rising tide lifts all ships when it's indie games
> your shitposts and jokes will always get more eyes than your product ads
> uh
> that's a lot of it off the top of my head

Among other things, I replied "I've thought about starting a blog or substack or something before, i just don't know what the fuck i'd even talk about, which is wild, cause i'm chatty to a  fault."

Their reply?

> literally just snippets of work
> "text instagram"

I talk enough. So what the hell, right?

### what i'm working on:

Too much. Really. But here's a shortlist:

- two (maybe three) MOTHERSHIP pamplets
- a MOTHERSHIP zine
- a Hypermall: Unlimited Violence contract
- a pitch for a collaborative OVER//UNDER fanzine
- preparing all four issues of _The Dreamcatcher_ for release
- various small comissions

That's a lot of shit for someone not currently being paid for any of it but, you know. I can always steal food.

I'm currently decompressing after an incredible experience playing and moderating OVER//UNDER (see: _The Dreamcatcher_), so I don't have much motivation to do anything (also my cats have **destroyed my hands**), something I only realized yesterday. But I'll still try to find some motivation to write. I keep saying it's something I'd like to do. Nothing in particular. Whatever shit I'm working on and interested in.

big dog mindset and all that.

now, to figure out a mailing list...
